REPORT ZRH_TASK10.

Types: BEgin of ty_mara,

MATNR type mara-matnr,
ERSDA type mara-ERSDA,
ERNAM type mara-ERNAM,
LAEDA type mara-LAEDA,
AENAM type mara-AENAM,
MTART type mara-MTART,
MBRSH type mara-MBRSH,
MEINS type mara-MEINS,
NTGEW type mara-NTGEW,
gewei type MARA-GEWEI,
ENd of ty_mara.

types : begin of ty_makt,
matnr type makt-matnr,
maktx type makt-maktx,
end of ty_makt.

Data: gt_mara type standard table of ty_mara ,
gs_mara type ty_mara,
gv_tot type mara-ntgew,
gs_makt type ty_makt,
gt_makt type standard table of ty_makt.

Parameters: p_pesha type MARA-GEWEI obligatory.

Select-options: S_matnr for gs_mara-matnr,
                S_ERSDA for gs_mara-ERSDA,
              S_ERNAM  for gs_mara-ERNAM .

start-of-selection.

Select
MATNR
ERSDA
ERNAM
LAEDA
AENAM
MTART
MBRSH
MEINS
NTGEW
gewei
From mara
into table gt_mara
 where gewei = p_pesha
 and MATNR in s_MATNR
and ersda in s_ersda
and ernam in s_ernam.


Select
matnr
maktx
from makt
into table gt_makt
where matnr in s_matnr
and spras = sy-langu.

* ku spras mban gjuhen me te cilen ke ber log in 



Loop at gt_mara into gs_mara.

gv_tot = gs_mara-ntgew + gv_tot.

Write: / gs_mara-matnr,
gs_mara-ersda,
gs_mara-ernam,
gs_mara-laeda,
gs_mara-aenam,
gs_mara-mtart,
gs_mara-MBRSH,
gs_mara-MEINS,
gs_mara-NTGEW,
gs_MARA-GEWEI.

read table gt_makt into gs_makt with key matnr = gs_mara-matnr.

if sy-subrc = 0.
write: gs_makt-maktx.
endif.

endloop.

Write : / 'Totali eshte' , gv_tot.